### **June 17, 2017**

### **Dear _Shamroy (Future Me)_,**

 

When are we reading this? Should I use we, since we’re the same person? Are 
we the same person? How much have I changed? Anyway, I’m just going to
address me as you. When are you reading this? Has it been a day since I’ve
written this? A week? A month? *Possibly a year?* Maybe every time I read
this, I should add another paragraph for the next Shamroy in need of some
help? Sounds like a good idea to me. Or is it us?

 

Sorry for going off on another tangent, let’s get to the point. Unlike what
Drake has led you to believe, if you’re reading this, it’s actually **not
too late**. You’re having a problem coding. Still using *Javascript*? No
matter, programming roadblocks aren’t language specific. Take a **deep
breath**, all your life you’ve had to deal with unforeseen problems and you
always come out on top, you’ve got this. You’re not a failure, you’ve just
failed. Everyone fails, it’s nothing new. Do you know what’s even going on?
**Identify the problem**. This is important, so I’ll say it
again.**Identify the problem**. Now find out what’s causing the problem.
Logging the results and what’s causing the results is a good idea. You need
to see what is and isn’t working. When you find the problem get to
Googling, someone else has problem had this problem before. If that doesn’t
work, try different things. You need to have a growth mindset, **failure is
inevitable**. What’s important is working with that failure to progress.
There’s never one correct answer. *You’re persistent and optimistic, you
never fully lose hope*. **Never change**.

 

As a developer I have several goals, some more important than others. One
of my goals is to impress those around me, changing any misconceptions they
may have about myself and coding. Maybe I can get them to give coding a
shot, and if they like it I can teach them a few things. It’ll be
interesting to see if coding gives them some direction in life, like it did
with me.

 

In the near future, I’d like to either work at a big tech company or at my
own startup. It doesn’t really matter to me, as long as I get to meet new
awesome like minded people and improve my programming skills. Currently, I
have a few game and app ideas, which have left me with some questions. What
is the typical workflow for a developer? Like how do they start making
their idea more than just an idea? Is there a template I should fill out
when it comes to games and apps?
